Document `Ui/Empty` (#136)
WoltLab/docs.woltlab.com: docs/migration/wsc53/javascript.md

// after
element.addEventListener('click', (ev) => this._click(ev));
```

## `WCF.Table.EmptyTableHandler`

When all objects in a table or list are deleted via their delete button or clipboard actions, an empty table or list can remain.
Previously, `WCF.Table.EmptyTableHandler` had to be explicitly used in each template for these tables and lists to reload the page.
As a TypeScript-based replacement for `WCF.Table.EmptyTableHandler` that is only initialized once globally, `WoltLabSuite/Core/Ui/Empty` was added.
To use this new module, you only have to add the CSS class `jsReloadPageWhenEmpty` to the relevant HTML element.
Once this HTML element no longer has child elements, the page is reloaded.

> To also cover scenarios in which there are fixed child elements that should not be considered when determining if there are no child elements, the `data-reload-page-when-empty="ignore"` can be set for this element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To also cover scenarios in which there are fixed child elements that should not be considered when determining if there are no child elements, the `data-reload-page-when-empty="ignore"` can be set for these elements.
```
